T444Z HAIR FOOD

Descriptions
Developed from plant extracts, T444Z hair food is a very effective hair product. It is a cocktail of different extracts that have been proven to deal with different hair problems. Hair loss, hair line damage, thinning hair, brittle and dry hair, itchy scalp and dry scalp are some common problems experienced. These need not bother you anymore as T444Z hair food will stop them within two months. Continued use will ensure healthy hair that grows strong and without having to use any other product.
T444Z Hair Food Ingredients
Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea butter), Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe vera callus extract), Carica papaya (papaya fruit extract), Chamomilla Recutita (matricia) oil (German chamomile), Daucus Carota Sativa (carrot oil extract), Ricinus communis (castor oil), Pelargonium Graveolens oil (geranium oil), Anthemis nobilis (Roman chamomile), Rosa damascena (rose oil), Rosmarinus officinalis (rosemary oil), Mentha Piperita (peppermint oil)
Features of T444Z hair food
•	Hair growth
•	hair moisturiser
•	weak hair growth
•	promote growth
•	For dry damage hair
country of origin
United Kingdom
Directions
1. Wash your hair thoroughly to remove all the dirt and other products you may have used lately.
2. Dry your hair completely with a towel until no dampness is left, avoid using a blow dryer (it means leaving your hair for some time until it is dry).
3. Apply T444Z using your fingers to the scalp and massaging it thoroughly to ensure even distribution to the whole head. (NB.Hair grows inside the scalp so applying any cream onto the hair does not help its growth).
Useful Tips
Some styles that put tension on the hairs – tight ponytails, plaits or corn-rows – can cause hair loss.
Vigorous brushing is more likely to damage the hair and make the problem worse.
Only the root of the hair is alive and this gets its oxygen from the blood in the scalp. Wigs and hairpieces will damage hair only if they are too tight.
‘Blow-drying and heated brushes can worsen hair loss’. The reason is that extreme heat damages the proteins in the hairs, making them fragile and liable to break off. Brushing the hair during blow-drying causes more damage. Careless use of heated brushes can even burn the scalp, so that the hair follicles are permanently damaged in that area.
Protein-containing conditioners only temporarily fill in defects on the surface of the hair shaft, making it smoother and thicker.
Hair dyes, perms and hairsprays do not affect thinning hair. Perms and hairsprays can help to disguise the problem.
Dos and Dont’s
Massage scalp regularly to increase circulation and oil secretion
Avoid scratching scalp with finger nails or fine combs
Avoid using tight hair bands, wigs and hair retainers because they damage the hair line.
When using any product make sure you follow the instructions as advised and stick with it for the recommended period.
Avoid unnecessary dyeing or tinting and rough combing
When plaiting, make sure you avoid small and tight plaits
Risk/side effects
itching
POSSIBLE CAUSES OF ITCHING
1. Infection. Fungal or bacterial infection. Common when one has just started applying T444Z hair food. The hair food fights the infection then heals the scalp.
2. Tight style. When the scalp is pulled when plaiting/braiding it causes irritation.
3. Use of harsh shampoo
4. Improper rinsing of shampoo
5. Chemicals used to treat braids/weaves cause scalp to itch and cause rush on the scalp and face
6. Mixing t444z hair food and other products (on scalp)
7. When scalp is growing new hair. Eg in case of thin hair and balding patches. 
8. Sweat. The salt in the sweat causes irritation to the scalp.
